#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
alembic==1.4.0
    # via
    #   flask-migrate
    #   sqlalchemy-unchained
amqp==5.1.1
    # via kombu
apispec[yaml]==4.7.1
    # via
    #   apispec-webframeworks
    #   flask-unchained
apispec-webframeworks==0.5.2
    # via flask-unchained
appdirs==1.4.3
    # via -r requirements.in
arrow==0.15.5
    # via jinja2-time
babel==2.8.0
    # via flask-babelex
bcrypt==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-unchained
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via flask-unchained
billiard==3.6.4.0
    # via celery
blinker==1.4
    # via
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-unchained
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via flask-session
celery==5.2.7
    # via flask-unchained
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   flask
    #   flask-unchained
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via celery
dill==0.3.5.1
    # via flask-unchained
dnspython==2.2.1
    # via email-validator
email-validator==1.2.1
    # via flask-unchained
factory-boy==3.2.1
    # via flask-unchained
faker==4.0.0
    # via
    #   factory-boy
    #   py-yaml-fixtures
flask==2.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-babelex
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-principal
    #   flask-session
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-unchained
    #   flask-wtf
flask-admin==1.6.0
    # via flask-unchained
flask-babelex==0.9.4
    # via flask-unchained
flask-login==0.6.2
    # via flask-unchained
flask-marshmallow==0.14.0
    # via flask-unchained
flask-migrate==3.1.0
    # via flask-unchained
flask-principal==0.4.0
    # via flask-unchained
flask-session==0.4.0
    # via flask-unchained
flask-sqlalchemy==2.4.1
    # via
    #   flask-migrate
    #   flask-sqlalchemy-unchained
flask-sqlalchemy-unchained==0.7.6
    # via flask-unchained
flask-unchained[admin,api,celery,mail,security,session,sqlalchemy]==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flask-wtf==1.0.1
    # via flask-unchained
greenlet==1.1.3
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.4
    # via email-validator
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-unchained
    #   flask-wtf
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flask
    #   flask-babelex
    #   jinja2-time
    #   py-yaml-fixtures
jinja2-time==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
kombu==5.2.4
    # via celery
lxml==4.9.1
    # via flask-unchained
mako==1.2.2
    # via alembic
markdown==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
    #   wtforms
marshmallow==3.18.0
    # via
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   flask-unchained
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
marshmallow-sqlalchemy==0.28.1
    # via flask-unchained
networkx==2.8.6
    # via
    #   flask-unchained
    #   py-yaml-fixtures
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   marshmallow
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
passlib==1.7.4
    # via flask-unchained
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via click-repl
psycopg2-binary==2.8.4
    # via -r requirements.in
py-meta-utils==0.7.8
    # via
    #   flask-unchained
    #   sqlalchemy-unchained
py-yaml-fixtures==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via packaging
pyterminalsize==0.1.0
    # via flask-unchained
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   alembic
    #   arrow
    #   faker
    #   py-yaml-fixtures
python-editor==1.0.4
    # via alembic
python-frontmatter==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   babel
    #   celery
    #   tzlocal
pyyaml==5.3
    # via
    #   apispec
    #   py-yaml-fixtures
    #   python-frontmatter
redis==3.3.11
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.13.0
    # via
    #   click-repl
    #   flask-marshmallow
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-frontmatter
soupsieve==1.9.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
speaklater==1.3
    # via flask-babelex
sqlalchemy==1.4.41
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   flask-sqlalchemy
    #   flask-unchained
    #   marshmallow-sqlalchemy
    #   sqlalchemy-unchained
    #   wtforms-sqlalchemy
sqlalchemy-unchained==0.12.2
    # via
    #   flask-sqlalchemy-unchained
    #   flask-unchained
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via faker
tzlocal==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uwsgi==2.0.18
    # via -r requirements.in
vine==5.0.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
werkzeug==2.2.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   flask-login
    #   flask-unchained
wtforms==3.0.1
    # via
    #   flask-admin
    #   flask-unchained
    #   flask-wtf
    #   wtforms-sqlalchemy
wtforms-sqlalchemy==0.3
    # via flask-unchained

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
